I don't know about you guys but I'm in a
mood for some deep-sea diving so let's
grab the gravity suit upgrade which will
allow Samus to move freely underwater as
opposed to trudging through thick syrup
molasses
and let's ride the chozo roll into a
ball and pretend to be an item and this
statue will walk you down to a hidden
passage beneath the spikes what item
would you pretend to be I'm probably a
spacer beam yeah
oh and before you go through the door
take this hidden passage below to grab
some missiles and then powerbomb through
the statue and then shine spark your way
up to the reserve tank
alright sweet now we're ready for scuba
diving adventure and yeah we need to
kill all these fish oh yeah and might as
well grab this missile pack hidden
underwater too
you